Don't run
Hey
Yeah.
Chase me
Ah!
Run you over
Welcome to the owner of Emperor Zun Hall
Welcome to the Emperor Palace Lord
The owner's international powerhouse list has been refreshed again
Congratulations on topping the list
shopkeeper
International Finance Group has been acquired by His Royal Highness Hongye
The total wealth value of my emperor's hall has increased 1 trillion
The owner of the European underground force Moon Temple
Join me with all your heart
They want our protection
Just leave these to the history of the twelve gods to ask.
I'm going home yeah
The owner left the school 5 years ago
Now there are more than one person
Wealth without returning home is like walking at night in brocade clothes
Subordinates support you
This happened 5 years ago
It has a great impact on my family
I've been ashamed of him all these years
Besides, my wife is pregnant now
Is the owner this month?
I've decided to provide for you
Have a big fat boy, really?
Owner, your special line, come help!